UPM meta updated (#124)
getsentry/sentry-unity: package/Documentation~/index.md

# Sentry SDK for Unity

> Use [official documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/unity/) for more information.

> Start using it by opening `Tools` -> `Sentry` from `Unity` editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start using it by opening `Tools` -> `Sentry` in the `Unity` editor.

```

Minimal configuration:

> * `DSN` - input your [Sentry DSN](https://docs.sentry.io/product/sentry-basics/dsn-explainer/) value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DSN` - Get your [Sentry DSN](https://docs.sentry.io/product/sentry-basics/dsn-explainer/) when you create a new project in Sentry. Or in the project settings.

```

> Create `MonBehaviour` and assign it to any object you have in the scene, press play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Quick example

[Sentry's the documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/unity) includes **much** more you can do, including performance monitoring, adding tags, and more. But to get you started, here's a simple example using Unity's `Debug.LogError`:

Create `MonoBehaviour` and assign it to any object you have in the scene, press play.
```
